docs: Move N4A FAQ content to docs (#537)
nginx/documentation: content/nginxaas-azure/changelog-archive/changelog-2023.md

   To get started using HTTP/3 and NGINXaaS:

   - Update the [network security group](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/tutorial-filter-network-traffic#create-security-rules) associated with the NGINXaaS deployment’s subnet to allow inbound traffic for HTTP/3 UDP ports in the NGINX configuration.

>    See the [NGINXaaS architecture]({{< ref "/nginxaas-azure/overview/overview.md#nginxaas-architecture" >}}), for limits on how many unique ports may be specified in a configuration and a list of restricted ports.

Reviewer: Is this the right section? This one seems to include some limits:

```suggestion
   See the [NGINXaaS limitations]({{< ref "/nginxaas-azure/overview/overview.md#limitations" >}}), for limits on how many unique ports may be specified in a configuration and a list of restricted ports.
```

Author: good catch, I moved the limits after I updated this doc

   Update the [network security group's inbound security rules](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/tutorial-filter-network-traffic#create-security-rules) associated with the NGINXaaS deployment's subnet to allow inbound traffic for all listen ports in the NGINX configuration.

>    See our [Overview]({{< ref "/nginxaas-azure/overview/overview.md#nginx-listen-port-restriction" >}}) document for limits on how many unique ports may be specified in a configuration and a list of restricted ports.

Reviewer: I don't see "a list of restricted ports" in the link

Author: ```suggestion
   See our [Overview]({{< ref "/nginxaas-azure/getting-started/nginx-configuration/overview.md#nginx-listen-port-restrictions" >}}) document for limits on how many unique ports may be specified in a configuration and a list of restricted ports.
```

wrong overview doc
